img id: sa_887112_crop_1

gt_text: EC-LVP
vlm_output: Airbus

----------------------------

<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem step by step. The ground truth text is "EC-LVP" and the VLM OCR output is "Airbus". The task is to determine which category (1, 2, or 3) this falls into based on the given criteria.

First, Step 1 says to extract the text content from the VLM OCR output. The OCR output here is "Airbus", so that's straightforward. Now, Step 2 involves comparing this extracted text with the ground truth. The comparison has several considerations: word order doesn't matter, we should compare based only on the set of unique words in the ground truth, ignore capitalization, punctuation, spaces, and small typos still count as matches.

The ground truth is "EC-LVP". Let's break that down. The unique words here would be "EC" and "LVP", assuming that hyphens are treated as word separators. But wait, the problem says to consider the set of unique words in the ground truth. However, "EC-LVP" is a single string. If we split it by hyphens, we get "EC" and "LVP". But maybe the hyphen is part of the word? The problem isn't clear on that. However, the instruction says to compare based on the set of unique words in the ground truth. If "EC-LVP" is considered as one word, then the unique words are just that one. But if hyphens are treated as separators, then two words. The problem statement might be ambiguous here, but since the original ground truth is "EC-LVP", perhaps it's intended as a single term, maybe an acronym or a specific term. However, the instructions mention "unique words" in the ground truth, which might imply splitting by spaces. But there are no spaces in the ground truth. Hmm.

Wait, the ground truth is "EC-LVP" which is one string. The OCR output is "Airbus", which is one word. So if we consider the unique words in the ground truth, it's just "EC-LVP" as one word. The OCR output is "Airbus", which is a different word. Therefore, there's no overlap. So according to the categories, if none of the unique words from the ground truth are present in the OCR output, it would be category 3. But wait, the problem says to compare based on the set of unique words in the ground truth. So if the ground truth has "EC-LVP" as a single word, and the OCR output has "Airbus", which is a different word, then none of the words match. Hence, category 3.

But maybe I'm misunderstanding the splitting. If the hyphen is considered a separator, then the ground truth has two words: "EC" and "LVP". The OCR output is "Airbus", which doesn't contain either of those. So again, no matches. Therefore, category 3.

Alternatively, if the hyphen is not a separator, then the ground truth is one word, and the OCR output is another, so no match. Either way, it seems like there's no overlap. So the answer should be category 3.
</think>
LLM classification result: 3
1. Correct Num: 91
2. Slightly Correct Num: 34
3. Incorrect Num: 222
